How does using the DIFF command in Git helps to work on a software development proyect?

Using the FC function helps identify bugs and mistakes much quicker
than reading line by line, specially if its a big project.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient 
programmer in the long term?

Having an easy access to all the saved version of a working project will help the 
developers have an understanding of how the project has advanced and will make it easy to recover a 
lost change, identify mistakes or bugs and retrieve lost ideas.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git,
vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?

Having a manual control over the amount of commits I choose to save allows to me to maintain a logical
sequence of the versions of the file thus making more sense whenever I try to look for a specific
change.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files 
in one commit, while other, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

Because Git was designed with programming in mind where its common to work on different files
for the same project at the same time, where areas Google Docs for instance is focused on work
where its rare to have to update multiple files at the same times like essays or novels.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of the files?

To use git log, cd to the corresponding directory and input 'git log --stat', that way
we can see not only every commit with its id and msg, but also the amount of lines that were 
added and removed.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?

Using version control allows me to move confident through my work because I will never have
to be afraid again of messing up without being able to return things to what they were. This way
there will always be a way to return to a code where everything worked accordingly.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

Since I am planning on developing an Android App, I'll need to keep a close track of all the versions
of the program I'll be trying to write.  Hopefully, I'll be able to work with other developers
in the long run, where using Git and GitHub will be very useful.















